# physicsC_lab

We drew out equipotential lines at each of 1V, 2V, 3V, 4V, 5V, and 6V from our voltage map. The first thing that we noticed was that our region with the lowest electric potential were concentrated towards a small circle-shaped area (of voltage 0.8V to 1.03V) rather than a line. This hinted at the location of our negative electrodes, and that we have likely have a "point charge" for our negative electrode rather than a plate. For our positive terminals we thought there was a region of almost constant charge (from 4.7V at one corner to 5V at another), so there could have been a Faraday Cage present. However, we looked at the electric field lines we drew, and noticed that a good portion of them originated from one electrode to another point in a way that was reminiscent of a dipole formation. The field lines curved towards the negative terminal and looked like they intersected at a point, and there weren't enough parallel electric field vectors that originated for the positive electrode to be a plate. We concluded that while there was a region of a similar voltage on the chart, if it was a Faraday cage, there would be a steeper gradient on the electric potential outside the cage, and the transition between the inside of the cage to the edge would be sharper, and there would be a net 0 charge inside the cage. Upon reexamination, the potential we had thought looked constant seemed more so like a gentle potential slope with some noise, likely from the probe hitting either the electrode or the ridge of the board. We decided to select the dipole formation as our guess, and we were correct. 
